Release notes for v5.0.7 and v4.6.29 (#3133)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/release_notes/ibexa_dxp_v4.6.md

<div class="release-notes" markdown="1">

[[% set version = 'v4.6.29' %]]

[[= release_note_entry_begin(
    "Integrated help " + version,
    '2026-04-14',
    ['Headless', 'Experience', 'Commerce', 'LTS Update', 'New feature']
) =]]

### Product tour

> The product tour is a new Integrated help feature that helps back office contributors to discover [[= product_name =]].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The product tour is a new Integrated help feature that helps back office contributors to discover [[= product_name =]].

With product tours, you can create customized onboarding journeys.
This accelerates user adoption, reduces training time, and helps users confidently navigate the platform.
```
Same for 4.6

For more information, see [Product tour](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/4.6/administration/back_office/product_tour/).

[[= release_note_entry_end() =]]

[[= release_note_entry_begin(
    "Ibexa DXP " + version,
    '2026-04-14',
    ['Headless', 'Experience', 'Commerce', 'New feature']
) =]]

### Developer experience

#### Taxonomy search

Two [taxonomy search](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/4.6/content_management/taxonomy/taxonomy_api/search) criteria are added:

- [`TaxonomyNoEntries`](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/4.6/search/criteria_reference/taxonomy_no_entries/) to find content items to which no taxonomy entries have been assigned.
- [`TaxonomySubtree`](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/4.6/search/criteria_reference/taxonomy_subtree/) for content items assigned to a taxonomy entry or any of its descendants.

#### Custom parameters in `ibexa_render()`

> You can now pass custom parameters to templates when using the `ibexa_render()` Twig function with the new `params` option, similar to how you can with `render(controller())`.Collapse annotationCheck notice on line R18[vale] docs/release_notes/ibexa_dxp_v5.0.md#L18Check notice: [vale] docs/release_notes/ibexa_dxp_v5.0.md#L18[Ibexa.ByUsing] Prefer 'by using' or 'with' to plain 'using'.Build & test documentation / valeView details

Reviewer 2: I guess some notes appeared here by mistake.
```suggestion
You can now pass custom parameters to templates when using the `ibexa_render()` Twig function with the new `params` option, similar to how you can with `render(controller())`.
```

For more information, see [`ibexa_render()` Twig function](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/4.6/templating/twig_function_reference/content_twig_functions/#ibexa_render).

#### PHP API

The following additions were made to the PHP API:

- [`Ibexa\Contracts\Core\FieldType\ReferenceAwareExternalStorage`](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/4.6/api/php_api/php_api_reference/classes/Ibexa-Contracts-Core-FieldType-ReferenceAwareExternalStorage.html)
- [`Ibexa\Contracts\Core\Options\Context`](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/4.6/api/php_api/php_api_reference/classes/Ibexa-Contracts-Core-Options-Context.html)
- [`Ibexa\Contracts\CorporateAccount\Order`](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/4.6/api/php_api/php_api_reference/namespaces/ibexa-contracts-corporateaccount-order.html)
- [`Ibexa\Contracts\CorporateAccount\Order\OrderStatusLabelProviderInterface`](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/4.6/api/php_api/php_api_reference/classes/Ibexa-Contracts-CorporateAccount-Order-OrderStatusLabelProviderInterface.html)
- [`Ibexa\Contracts\Taxonomy\Search\Query\Criterion\TaxonomyNoEntries`](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/4.6/api/php_api/php_api_reference/classes/Ibexa-Contracts-Taxonomy-Search-Query-Criterion-TaxonomyNoEntries.html)

>   (for more information, see [its search criteria reference entry](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/4.6/search/criteria_reference/taxonomy_no_entries/))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information, see [search criteria reference entry](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/4.6/search/criteria_reference/taxonomy_no_entries/)).
```

> - optionally, from the [Integrated help LTS-Update](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/4.6/administration/back_office/integrated_help/), classes of the - [`Ibexa\Contracts\IntegratedHelp` namespace](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/5.0/api/php_api/php_api_reference/namespaces/ibexa-contracts-integratedhelp.html)

Reviewer 2: Maybe something like this?
```suggestion
See classes of the [`Ibexa\Contracts\IntegratedHelp` namespace](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/4.6/api/php_api/php_api_reference/namespaces/ibexa-contracts-integratedhelp.html) in the [Integrated help LTS-Update](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/4.6/administration/back_office/integrated_help/).
```
